Docs update platform operator (#712)
meshcloud/meshcloud-docs: docs/meshstack.index.md

## Operations

> meshcloud will typically operate your meshStack installation as a [managed service](./meshstack.managed-service.md) for you. As a managed service, all configuration and validation is done by meshcloud. Nonetheless, we make references to configuration options in the documentation so that Platform Operators get a better understanding of meshStack's capabilities. The configuration references also simplify examples and communicate the exact parameters that may need to be supplied by platform operators (e.g. Service Principal credentials).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
meshcloud will typically operate your meshStack installation as a [managed service](./meshstack.managed-service.md) for you. As a managed service, all configuration and validation is done by meshcloud. Nonetheless, we make references to configuration options in the documentation so that Partners get a better understanding of meshStack's capabilities. The configuration references also simplify examples and communicate the exact parameters that may need to be supplied by Partners.
```
